# Domain Name/Network

[How a bucket associates with a customized domain name? ](Domain-Names-and-Network#user-content-1)

[How many domain names can a bucket associate with at most? ](Domain-Names-and-Network#user-content-2)

[Does OSS support HTTPS access? ](Domain-Names-and-Network#user-content-3)

[How an OSS customized domain name implement HTTPS access? ](Domain-Names-and-Network#user-content-4)

------

<div id="user-content-1"></div>

#### How a bucket associates with a customized domain name?

1. Users should first create a bucket on OSS;
2. Log in [Bucket Setting]->[Customized Domain Name] of the bucket on the Console, enter the domain name to be associated and submit it;
3. If the domain name isn't yet licensed, the association will fail;
4. If the customized domain name has been associated with other buckets in the same region under current account, users need to first disassociate them and then conduct another association; 
5. If the customized domain name has been associated with other buckets of other accounts, the domain name ownership should be verified by modifying TXT records on the domain name server in order to delete the previous association relationship and forcibly associate it with the current bucket;
6. After the domain name is associated, users need to add a CNAME record on their own domain name servers. The record value is the Internet domain name to be associated with the bucket. In this case, all accesses to the user's customized domain name will be sent to OSS bucket;
7. If you want to support https, it can only be supported by **Open Ticket**.

For specific operation process, please refer to [Customized Domain Service](https://docs.jdcloud.com/object-storage-service/set-custom-domain-name-2).

<div id="user-content-2"></div>

#### How many domain names can a bucket associate with at most?

Each bucket can associate 20 domain names at most.

<div id="user-content-3"></div>

#### Does OSS support HTTPS access?

Yes. OSS provides support of SSL transmission for access nodes at all regions and enables HTTPS by default on SDK and Console. After logging in the Console, users can see the external link url generated by the object accordingly. The url adopts https protocol by default, which can directly conduct HTTPS access by copying to the browser without other particular configuration.

<div id="user-content-4"></div>

#### How an OSS customized domain name implement HTTPS access?

For specific operations, please refer to [Customized Domain Name Supports HTTPS Access OSS](https://docs.jdcloud.com/object-storage-service/custom-domain-name-guidance).
