# : Operation Type-Deploy

Deployment means deploying software packages/images to the Virtual Machines or JCS for Kubernetes to provide the deployment service. The current CodePipeline integrates [JD Cloud-CodeDeploy](../../../Developer-Tools/CodeDeploy/Introduction/Product-Overview.md) and [JD Cloud-Kubernetes cluster](../../../Elastic-Compute/JCS-for-Kubernetes/Introduction/Product-Overview.md).



## Parameter Description-CodeDeploy

Parameter Name|Parameter Description
:---|:---
Operation Type|Deploy
Operation Name|The operation name is generated by default according to the operation type, for instance, deploy-default-1. The operation name in one CodePipeline shall be unique.
Operation Provider|Deployment System. Take selecting [CodeDeploy](../../../Developer-Tools/CodeDeploy/Introduction/Product-Overview.md) as an example
Deployment Source|It refers to the deployment source of CodeDeploy. It currently only supports the CodeBuild tasks with the building type of application package. Learn the [build type](../../../Developer-Tools/CodeBuild/Operation-Guide/Build-Storage.md) of CodeBuild
Deployment Application|Select the CodeDeploy application created by the user
Deployment Group|Select the deployment group under deployment application and  deploy on the Virtual Machines in the deployment group
Deployment Command|Provide the service startup and stop and health check scripts
Manual Confirmation|Select the method of transferring to the next stage. If the manual transfer is selected, this stage will be executed after the user clicks for confirmation



## Parameter Description-JCS for Kubernetes

Parameter Name|Parameter Description
:---|:---
Operation Type|Deploy
Operation Name|The operation name is generated by default according to the operation type, for instance, deploy-default-1. The operation name in one CodePipeline shall be unique.
Operation Provider|Deployment System.Take selecting [JCS for Kubernetes](../../../Elastic-Compute/JCS-for-Kubernetes/Introduction/Product-Overview.md) as an example
Target Cluster|Select the target cluster created by the user. The application will be deployed in the cluster.
Create application Method|The user can choose to create the application in the mode of a form or create the deployment application by uploading the yaml file
Application Name|Name of deployment application created in the cluster
Image Source|If CodeBuild is selected, compiled and output images will be deployed in the k8s cluster. If **Customize** is selected, the user can deploy any public images such as Nginx
Count of Container Groups|Count of Replicas Copies
Image Pulling Confidentiality Dictionary|When the outputting images of CodeBuild are selected by the user to be deployed, the field imagePullSecrets needs to be configured. Refer to [Tokens will be automatically obtained on a regular basis upon creation and are valid for a long term](../../../Elastic-Compute/Container-Registry/Best-Practices/Deploy-Application.md).
Manual Confirmation|Select the method of transferring to the next stage. If the manual transfer is selected, this stage will be executed after the user clicks for confirmation
