API/Virtual-Private-Cloud/Elastic-Network-Interface/modifyNetworkInterface.md, before:

# modifyNetworkInterface


## Description
Modify elastic network interface APIs

## Request method
PATCH

## Request address
https://vpc.jdcloud-api.com/v1/regions/{regionId}/networkInterfaces/{networkInterfaceId}

|Name|Type|Required or not|Default value|Description|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|**networkInterfaceId**|String|True||networkInterface ID|
|**regionId**|String|True||Region ID|

## Request parameter
|Name|Type|Required or not|Default value|Description|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|**description**|String|False||Description, all characters allowed to enter under UTF-8 encoding, without exceeding 256 characters|
|**networkInterfaceName**|String|False||Elastic network interface name, only allowed to enter Chinese, numbers, capital and lowercase letters, English underline “_” and line-through “-”, must provide a name which cannot exceed 32 characters|
|**securityGroups**|String[]|False||Security group updated by way of replacing original security group. If the security group ID list is updated, a maximum of 5 security groups can be assigned|


## Return parameter
|Name|Type|Description|
|---|---|---|
|**requestId**|String|Request ID|



## Return code
|Return code|Description|
|---|---|
|**200**|OK|
|**400**|Request parameter x.y.z is 'xxx', expected one of [yyy,zzz]|
|**404**|Resource not found|

Commit message:

add/update api md update api yaml

API/Virtual-Private-Cloud/Elastic-Network-Interface/modifyNetworkInterface.md, after:

# modifyNetworkInterface


## 描述
Modify elastic network interface APIs

## 请求方式
PATCH

## 请求地址
https://vpc.jdcloud-api.com/v1/regions/{regionId}/networkInterfaces/{networkInterfaceId}

|名称|类型|是否必需|默认值|描述|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|**networkInterfaceId**|String|True||networkInterface ID|
|**regionId**|String|True||Region ID|

## 请求参数
|名称|类型|是否必需|默认值|描述|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|**description**|String|False||Description, all characters allowed to enter under UTF-8 coding, which is not exceed 256 characters|
|**networkInterfaceName**|String|False||Elastic network interface name, only allowed to enter Chinese, numbers, capital and lowercase letters, English underline “_” and line-through “-”, must provide a name which cannot exceed 32 characters|
|**securityGroups**|String[]|False||To replace the security group with mode update of the original security group. If the security group ID list is updated, a maximum of 5 security groups can be done|


## 返回参数
|名称|类型|描述|
|---|---|---|
|**requestId**|String|Request ID|



## 返回码
|返回码|描述|
|---|---|
|**200**|OK|
|**400**|Request parameter x.y.z is 'xxx', expected one of [yyy,zzz]|
|**404**|Resource not found|
