# Version Management

## Function Version and Alias

 
Function Service provides function version management for users to manage function code in development, testing, and production environments. With Function version control, you can release one or more versions of Function so that different versions of Function can be used in different phases or environments.

 

Function also supports creating aliases for each version of the function, which are pointers to a particular version of Function. You can roll back to any previous version of Function with the alias.

 

## Management of Version

The default version of Function Creation is LATEST version, and each function has a LATEST version. When the function code is stable, release operation can be done, once released, changes to information (including metadata and function code) of that version are not allowed.

### Release Version

 1. The user logs in Function Service, go to the "Function List" page.
 
 2. Select the function to be configured in "Function List", click the function name to enter the function details.
 
 3. Select the LATEST version on the function details, click "Operation"-"Release New Version", pop up "Release New Version" window.
 
 4. Enter configuration information (see Table 1) of the function version to be released on the "Release New Version" interface.
 
 5. Click "Release"，complete version creation.
 
 Table 1: Function Version Configuration Information Table

| Configuration Information | Description                                                       |
| -------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- |
| Description     | A maximum of 1,000 English letters, digits, spaces, commas, English full stops and Chinese characters are supported. |



 **Note:**

Version number is automatically generated by the system (use date and time as version number, for example: v20170819-190658).

A maximum of 10 versions can be released under single function.

A new version of function can be released until its configuration or code is changed.


### Delete Version

On the function details, select the function version, click "Operation" - "Delete Version", and pop up "Delete Notification", Click "OK" to delete the function version.

 

## Management of Alias

An alias refers to a particular version of a function, and the function of such version can be called through the alias.

### Create alias

1. The user logs in Function Service, go to the "Function List" page.

2. Select the function to be configured in "Function List", click the function name to enter the function details.

3. Select the function version on the function detail page, click "Operation"-"Create Alias", pop up "Create Alias" window.

4. Enter configuration information (see Table 2) of the function alias to be released on the "Create Alias" interface, * is a compulsory item.

5. Click "OK" to complete alias creation.

Table 2: Function Alias Configuration Information Table

| Configuration Information  | Description                                                         |
| --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| * Alias Name | It can only contain letters, digits, underline and line-through; start and end with letters/numbers; the length is not more than 16 characters |
| * Corresponding Version |  Associate a function version from existing function versions                                 |
|  Description      | A maximum of 1,000 English letters, digits, spaces, commas, English full stops and Chinese characters are supported.   |




**Note:**

The "Create Alias" page pops up, notifying "Release Successfully" to indicate that the alias has been created successfully.

A maximum of 10 aliases can be created under single function.
 

### Delete Alias

On the function details, select the function alias, click "Operation" - "Delete Alias", and pop up "Delete Notification", Click "OK" after confirming that it is correct to delete the function alias.
