## Typical Application Scenarios for Stream Compute<br>
1. **Fraud Monitoring**<br>
Large financial organizations and insurance institutions suffer ten million-level loss in fraudulent transactions each year. Common situations include identity theft and credit card fraud, which are time-sensitive issues, and the time on identifying these fraudulent transactions and automatically cancel credit cards may directly touch company's bottom line. <br>
Real-time data analysis and decision making at this time is particularly suitable for these scenarios, and it can be carried out analysis at the time of the transaction at each payment. For example, whether the transaction rate of a single credit card is abnormal, or whether the same credit card is consumed at the same time across a long distance, for example, a credit card that is consumed in Beijing or Shanghai at the same time will be an abnormal consumption. <br>
In addition, based on the purchases record data, the machine learning model can be used to predict the likelihood of a seemingly normal transaction being fraudulent. <br><br>
2. **Dynamic Pricing**<br>
For industries that maintain a highly resilient pricing model based on demand, the introduction of real-time analyses and decision-making is a powerful solution to support rapid demand growth scenarios, so dynamic price adjustments must be automated. <br>
For example, hotel chains or airlines, these companies are constantly adjusting prices based on market demands or seasonal changes. A sudden shift in market demand, such as a large concert or football game, can significantly affect local hotel or ticket bookings. In this case, real-time data analysis can help detect bursts of booking rates, such as query through time dimensions. The query uses the analysis of the predetermined amount in the past 60 minutes, and recalculates the analysis every increment of 1 minute. When the predetermined amount suddenly increases, the system will quickly monitor it, and then the system will decide whether to automatically adjust the pricing or notify the operator the increase sharply of predetermined amount.
