# 6. Management and Monitoring Services

## 6.1 Monitoring Service

CloudMonitor is a service that monitors and alarms users' JD Cloud resources. It displays various monitoring indicators and sets alarms for indicators. CloudMonitor sends alarm notifications via SMS, email, etc., and also provides current alarm status and view of the alarm history. The CloudMonitor service can monitor various JD Cloud service resources such as Virtual Machines, Cloud Database Redis, and Load Balancer. With the help of CloudMonitor service, it is convenient for users to understand the resource usage, performance and running status on JD Cloud. Through the alarm, users can respond in time to ensure the stable running of the application.

## 6.2 Identity and Access Management

Identity and Access Management (IAM) is a user identity management and resource access control service provided by JD Cloud. Users can create and manage sub-user accounts through the IAM service, and control the access right of these sub-users to JD Cloud resources. The user can use Identity and Access Management to authorize resources in the management account to others without sharing account password or access key, assign permissions of minimum granularity for the users as required to reduce the information security risks of the primary account.

IAM includes three modules: authorization management, identity authentication, and permission authentication:

· Identity Authentication

When a user, application, or resource initiates access to a resource under a JD Cloud account, accurately authenticate the identity of the initiator.

· Authorization Management

The primary account assigns permissions to allow other users, applications, or resources to access their own resources and perform controllable operations within a controlled range of permissions.

· Permission Authentication

Determine if the access initiator has permission to perform access.

### 6.2.1 User Identity Management

· Sub-user Management

The primary account is also called root account, which is the subject of the ownership and billing of JD Cloud resources. It is created by the system when the user registers and activates JD Cloud. The primary account pays for all resources under its name and has full access to all JD Cloud services and resources.

The sub-account is a kind of entity user created by the primary account, which has determined identity ID and security credential. The sub-account is not an independent JD Cloud account, which belongs to the primary account and is only visible under the space of primary account. The sub-account shall be authorized by the primary account before it can login the console or use API to operate resources authorized by the primary account.

A primary account can create one or several independent sub-accounts by IAM service to set, reset login password of the console for the sub-account.

· User Group Management

It also can add multiple sub-users into a user group to perform unified authorization. One sub-user may belong to multiple user groups, leading to its permissions to be the collection of each group's permission.

### 6.2.2 Authorization Policy Management

With the help of IAM, operations that are available to users or other entities in the account is defined, which is usually called authorization. Permission is authorized by policy, which policy define the permissions of identities or resources when it is attached to them. When the user makes a request, JD Cloud will evaluate these policies. The permissions in the policy determine whether the request is permitted or denied. The primary account has full operation permission for all resources under its name. If the primary account does not authorize the sub-account, the sub-account does not have access permission to any resource by default. The sub-account can access specific resources through console or API only when it is authorized by the primary account. The primary account authorizes the sub-account by adding an authorization policy to the sub-account (or the group it belongs to). The resource access rights owned by the sub-account are the set of authorization policies added to the sub-account and the group it belongs to.

· Permission Granularity

Support read, modification and deletion permissions control for the single resource.

· System Authorization Policy

The Administrator who is provided with resources by the system and the read-only permission can be directly assigned.

· Customized Authorization Policy

Facilitation policy generator: without JSON coding, resources to be authorized for operating and being operated can be selected by visual method. Policy editor: JSON can be directly generated by editing JSON based on existed policy templates to implement authorization requirements.

### 6.2.3 Security Identity Credential

JD Cloud checks whether the user has permissions to access requested resources and services through security credential which is the evidence used for proofing the real identity of the user and includes the following types:

· User Name and Password

Password is designated when the user create the account initially. Password is required when the user logins JD Cloud console. Meanwhile, the password is also used for accessing JD Cloud resources by means of API. IAM supports the login policies set by the security administrator for the user to avoid the user password from brute force or leading to account information leakage due to accessing fishing pages.

· Multi-Factor Authentication - MFA

MFA is a simple and effective best security practice, which can add an extra layer of security protection in addition to the user name and password, and it can perform identity verification to prevent false deletion when performing sensitive operations in JD Cloud.

Virtual MFA device is a software-based application that generates dynamic verification codes. It follows the Time-Based One-Time Password (TOTP) Standard (RFC 6238), and can install virtual MFA device to different mobile devices, such as smartphones. After MFA enabling, when a user logins JD Cloud, the system will require the user to enter user name and password, followed by entering a 6-digit dynamic verification code from his or her MFA device. Even if the password of the user is stolen, this user's account cannot be used for login. Two-factor security verification will ensure the security of the user's account at maximum.

· Access Key

In order to guarantee the use security of cloud resource, when related resources and operations are called by API, Access Key is required to verify the identities of users and applications to ensure the relevant permissions of visitors. Access Key consists of Access Key ID and Access Key. Anyone owns Access Key of the user has the same resource access and operation permission with the user and can access all resources in the user account and conduct corresponding operation without limit. The users can create, disable or delete their Access Keys. Meanwhile, we recommend users to regularly rotate their Access Keys to ensure the security of their accounts and resources.

## 6.3 DevOps

JD Cloud DevOps is a set of DevOps products constructed on the basis of years of technical accumulation of JD for the scenarios and characteristics of public cloud. Breakthrough the barrier between development teams and operation and maintenance teams via uniform operation platform to improve the efficiency of compilation, on-line and deployment of applications. The logs of application instances can be collected in a unified way to realize quick search and retrieval, so as to assist in the rapid positioning of problems, help an enterprise to quickly realize DevOps and support the quick and stable development of enterprise business.

· Service Fault-tolerance

Automatically migrate the containers (Virtual Machines) running on the servers in system breakdown condition again and generate new instances to protect business from connection interruption for highly reliable running. It indicates that users no longer need to worry about system breakdown of one or two servers. The system monitors the service health status automatically and adjusts clusters dynamically to realize the allocation of relevant prearranged programs and automatic fault recovery.

· Intelligent Monitoring

The monitoring covers a range from basic resources to business logic. With a powerful collection function, it supports basic monitoring, live monitoring, performance monitoring, and workload monitoring. Users can completely understand the utilization, performance and running status of resources through monitoring. By exception detection and multi-dimension data analysis, it can timely respond, shorten abnormal MTTR and guarantee the normal operation of business.

· Security Operation and Maintenance

DevOps provide highly-available, secure and efficient image center service, covering scripts execution, file distribution and other basic operations to meet various complex operation and maintenance scenarios by one-click job and maintenance and implement genuine Web automatic operation and maintenance.
