## Features
### Dashboard
Provides the function of User Custom Metric Monitoring Data Display. The core service monitoring metrics concerned by users are presented in a Dashboard to meet the scenarios of large-scale screen display, batch instance summary display, troubleshooting, and data comparison analysis.
## Resource Monitoring
Cloud Resource Monitoring monitors the indicators of all resources under the user name. The user can view the monitoring and alarm details of the corresponding resources in the Cloud Resource List. The user can set alarm rules and contacts according to the characteristics of various resources. When the Monitoring Item data of the resource triggers an alarm, the user sends a SMS and an E-mail notification to the alarm contact which has been set.
## Custom Metric Monitoring
Custom Metric Monitoring is a feature that provides the users with the freedom to define monitoring items and alarm rules. Through this function, the users can monitor the business indicators that they care about, report the collected monitoring data to the Monitoring, and process the data by the Monitoring, and then alarm according to the result.
### Alarm Management
The Alarm Management includes Alarm Rules and all alarm history. The alarm rules set by the users for various resources are displayed in Alarm Rules. All alarm history generated by various resources can be viewed in all Alarm History. The users can also customize the time period to view the alarm history according to their own needs.

