## Product Function
### Dashboard
Provides the function of User Customized Metric Monitoring Data Display. The core service monitoring metrics concerned by users are presented in a Dashboard to meet the scenarios of large-scale screen display, batch instance summary display, troubleshooting, and data comparison analysis..
## Resource Monitoring
Cloud Resource Monitoring monitors the metric of all resources under the user name. The user can view the monitoring and alarming  details of the corresponding resources in the Cloud Resource List. The user can set alarming  rules and contacts according to the characteristics of various resources. When the Monitoring Item data of the resource triggers an alarm, notification could be send to the contacts through SMS and an E-mail.
## Customized Metric Monitoring
Customized Metric Monitoring is a function that provides users with the flexibility to define monitoring items and alarm rules. Through this function, the user can monitor the business metric that he/she cares about, he collected monitoring data will be reported to the Monitoring, and processed the data by the Monitoring, and then alarm according to the result.
### Alarm Management
The Alarm Management includes Alarm Rules and all alarm history. The alarm rules set by the user for various resources are displayed in Alarm Rules. All alarm history generated by various resources can be checked through in all Alarm History. The user can also customize the time period to view the alarm history base on his own needs.

