**These Service Terms are the effective contracts concluded by and between the owners of the JD Cloud website (referred to as "JD Cloud" in the Agreement, website: **[**www.jdcloud.com**](http://www.jdcloud.com/)**) and you on the matters related to IoT Card Service. To use the IoT Card Service, you shall read and follow the IoT Card Service Protocol (hereinafter referred to as "the Agreement"). Before accepting the Agreement, please be sure to carefully read the entire contents of the Agreement, especially terms of exemption or restriction, the optional terms of the competent court and other terms. Restriction and exemption terms may be in bold to raise your attention. No matter whether you actually read this Agreement or not, once you click to confirm the Agreement on the web page or actually use JD Cloud Service, it means that you have reached an agreement with JD Cloud and agree to accept all agreed contents of the Agreement. If you do not agree with any term of the Agreement, or cannot accurately understand JD Cloud's interpretation of the terms, please do not agree with the Agreement or use the service under the Agreement. Otherwise, you agree to the terms and conditions set forth below and agree to be bound by the Agreement.**

**Article 1 Definition**

1.1 IoT Card Service: IoT technical services provided by JD Cloud and related to IoT Terminal and module management, including but not limited to IoT SIM Card Management Service, User Operation Service, Auxiliary Service and others.

1.2 Terminal: Unless otherwise specified, the terminals in the Agreement refers to the terminals of mobile network connection that you provide for legal Partner Channel your cooperate with via operator’s wireless communication network, including intelligent devices (excluding mobile terminal) such as intelligent rearview mirror, intelligent automobile data recorder, intelligent car device, POS machine, locator and mifi device.

1.3 User: Individual or enterprise that use terminal and acquire connection service via IoT by IoT Card Service provided by JD Cloud.

**Article 2 Enable Service**

You shall submit the information in accordance with the permission application for the IoT Card Service specified in this website, and independently assume all responsibilities for the authenticity, legality and validity of the submitted information. JD Cloud has the right to comprehensively evaluate your information and the right reserved to decide whether you meet the requirements to be granted the permission.

**Article 3 Service Contents**

3.1 JD Cloud provide you with the IoT Card Service, including IoT SIM Card Management Service, User Operation Service, and Auxiliary Service to ensure the communication service is in accordance with the requirements of industrial competent department in China. The Service is valid in Mainland China (excluding Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan) only, and its specific contents include:

3.1.1 IoT SIM Card Management Service refers to services provided by JD Cloud, including but not limited to the creation and activation of a primary account and data configuration, billing and others, on the basis of the telecommunication services provided by basic operators on the current technology conditions and through the coverage of Internet and telecommunication facilities.

3.1.2 User Operation Service refers to daily operation services such as purchases, recharges and others by the user.

3.1.3 Auxiliary Service refers to functional services such as Real-name Verification.

3.2 JD Cloud reserves the right to change or upgrade Application Software on IoT Card Service and each sub-functions at its own discretion anytime.

**Article 4 Charges and Settlement**

**JD Cloud has the right to set charge standards and rules and publish them on the website, and the right to make any change at any time and inform you of these changes in writing (in case of any inconsistency with the website, the written agreement shall prevail). Once you use the Service, you will be charged and shall agree that JD Cloud has the right to unilaterally judge and decide traffic capacity service type and applicable charges. If you disagree with the charge standards published or changed, you shall stop using the Service immediately. Otherwise, you will be deemed to agree with the charge standards.**

**Article 5 Service Standards**

5.1 You commit to comply with the relevant national laws, administrative regulations and administrative rules in the business course, and scrupulously abide by the national laws and regulations in the fields of information, communication security and others.

5.2 For Auxiliary Service provided by JD Cloud, you must designate a responsible person for information security via email and submit a copy of his/her ID card before the Service is provided in accordance with the requirements of Special Action Plan for Telephone "Black Card" Governance (GXBLB [2014] No. 570). Meanwhile, you need to complete the connection of Real-name Verification System within 5 working days before the Service is provided. Only after the connection of the System is completed can JD Cloud provide you with the services agreed in the Agreement.

5.3 For User Operation Service provided by JD Cloud, you need to provide JD Cloud with ICCID by system connection method within 5 working days before the Service is provided.

5.4 If you sell a terminal equipped with IoT SIM Card to an individual, you shall be obligated to publicize the real-name verification of personal information before selling the terminal to the individual user. When a user’s information changes, you shall ensure that the user will change its information on the corresponding terminal by the method specified by JD Cloud through an effective mechanism. You shall ensure that there will be no missing or error in user’s real-name registration in terminal sales segmentation. You shall cooperate with JD Cloud on verifying the ID card of the actual user of IoT SIM Card, and register her/his identity information, ensuring that the IoT SIM Card and the user are one-to-one correspondence. When you conduct business on IoT SIM Card concerning industry applications (namely you sell terminal to individual user), you shall cooperate with JD Cloud on registering the information of responsible organization and responsible person. As a responsible organization for generally handling IoT SIM Card, you should know the corresponding person and provide his/her ID card information before the Services are provided. **You shall ensure the information submitted to JD Cloud is authentic, accurate and effective, and guarantee that JD Cloud shall be informed of any change of the ID card information within 3 working days in writing. Once found any violation caused by you, JD Cloud has the right to unilaterally end the cooperation and cease to provide you with the services agreed in the Agreement, and shall not undertake any losses of yours caused thereby.**

5.5 You should ensure the terminal has legitimacy, and the network access certification for communication device and other mandatory certifications as required by the national laws and regulations are obtained.

5.6 You should ensure that the IoT Card Service provided by JD Cloud is used to your terminal only, and can be provided for the industrial or individual user to achieve network connection service. Once found that IoT Card Service provided by JD Cloud is used on terminals other than the terminals as agreed in the Agreement, such as mobile phone, JD Cloud has the right to unilaterally end the cooperation and cease to provide you with the services agreed in the Agreement, and shall not undertake any of your losses caused thereby.

5.7 You commit and guarantee that you will not conduct any action against law and harming national interests by utilizing the Network, shall not use the business for any other purpose other than the agreed business, and shall not provide the IoT Card Service provided by JD Cloud to the third party except your terminal. Otherwise, JD Cloud has the right to unilaterally end the Agreement and claim all losses caused to JD Cloud for your noncompliance.

5.8 You commit that no false advertising will be carried out to overstate information such as the cycle, validity period and total quantity of traffic of SIM card in activities based on selling terminals equipped with IoT Card Service provided by JD Cloud, and mislead users. Besides, you need to guarantee that no terminal sellers, channels and downstream vendors will carry out false advertising. In case of any false advertising, JD Cloud has the right to unilaterally end the Agreement and cancel all services provided for you, and all liability and results caused thereby will be borne by you. In addition, JD Cloud will claim all losses caused to JD Cloud for your noncompliance.

5.9 You commit that the SIM Card of IoT Card Service provided by JD Cloud can be ordered only by communication service via JD Cloud; or by your users’ subsequent recharge and renew operations via JD Cloud. You (and your users) shall not use SIM Card Subscription Public Communication Service provided by JD Cloud (namely package, business package, etc. provided by Operator for Consumer). **In case of any false advertising, JD Cloud has the right to unilaterally end the Agreement and Operator all services provided for you, and all liability and results caused thereby will be borne by you. In addition, JD Cloud will claim all losses caused to JD Cloud by your noncompliance.**

5.10 You are responsible for consulting, complaints and after-sales services on handling problems concerning terminal, communication connection, charges and so on raised by industrial and individual users when they use terminal.

5.11 JD Cloud commits that application for purchasing IoT Card Service sent by your designated contact via email shall be confirmed and you will get a reply within 5 working days.  The application will take effect upon your receipt of JD Cloud’s confirmation. If you don’t get any reply from JD Cloud within the limited period, the purchase application shall be invalid. JD Cloud commits that SIM Card with appropriate performance for use and the relevant description documents will be delivered to you within the agreed supply period. In which, the supply period of SIM (surface mount type) shall not exceed six weeks, and the supply period of plug-in SIM Card shall not exceed four weeks. If you offer your plan for purchasing card one month in advance, JD Cloud will try to (noncommittal) shorten the card supply period to ten working days.

5.12 You need to submit a list of IMEI numbers of devices that use your IoT Card Service when you submit your purchase application to JD Cloud, and devices outside the list of IMEI numbers cannot use your IoT Card Service. Before using a SIM Card, the SIM Card ICCID and the IMEI numbers of devices shall be bound together by JD Cloud and activated by the user. **If the SIM Card cannot be bound to other devices on the list of IMEI numbers due to your or the user’s test, incorrect operation and other special causes, you should submit the supporting evidence within three working days after receiving the written notice from JD Cloud. Otherwise, JD Cloud has the right to disconnect the SIM Card.**

5.13 JD Cloud will provide you with an ability to verify users’ identity based on on-line technology, so that you can ensure that users will implement the requirement to verify their real name when using terminal. JD Cloud is liable to support the connection between your system and JD Cloud’s user identity verification system, and provide technical supports in a timely manner.

**Article 6 Exemption Terms**

**6.1 JD Cloud will not assume any loss caused due to the inevitable communication instability in wireless communication network, such as dead space on wireless signal and wireless signal interference.**

**6.2 IoT Card Service provided by JD Cloud relies on operators’ capacities and resources. Due to the uncertainty of communication capability, system, network and resource, JD Cloud will try to keep the capacity secure and stable without any commitment. If the Agreement cannot be further fulfilled as a result of the ceased or limited JD Cloud business caused by the adjustment of laws and regulations, policies or the Operator Policy, or the services cannot be continued as a result of the ceased cooperation between JD Cloud and Operator, or JD Cloud cannot continue to provide services for other unforeseeable reasons, JD Cloud will inform you ten days in advance in writing, and the Agreement shall be terminated from the date when JD Cloud informs you of the termination of the Agreement. In addition, JD Cloud shall not assume any liability for breach, and at the same time, JD Cloud will return the service charge that you have already paid but not yet used. JD Cloud shall not be liable for any indirect, consequential, disciplinary, incidental or special damages caused as you use the service provided by JD Cloud in any cases, including loss of profits suffered by you using JD Cloud service.**


