### 1 Service Scope

Short URL Service of JD Cloud & AI is a kind of service converting long URL to short URL, which also has the function of recovering the short URL to the long URL in the access process. It is featured by simple, convenient and rapid resolution and high generation efficiency. It can be conveniently used in the transmission routes of various information, such as SMS, message, notification, etc.

### 2. Service Level Indicator

#### 2.1 Service Functions

Short URL Service has main functions of short URL generation, short URL resolution, etc. The generation of short URL is mainly used for scenarios under which the long URLs shall be converted to standard URLs of fixed length, such as SMS notification, message push, etc., as well as for information with specific privacy requirements for contents. The supporting resolution service shall be provided when the access short URLs are rapidly resolved as the original long short URLs and returned to the user for redirection. For details of all functions of Short URL Service, please refer to the detailed description document, technical document and help documentation provided by JD Cloud & AI on the official website. All the functional changes of Short URL Service that may affect users will be announced to the users.

#### 2.2 Service Availability

Service availability: shall not be less than 99.9%

Calculation formula for service availability of Short URL Service: all normal requests per service cycle/(normal requests + request exceptions)

Where,

(1) Availability of Short URL Service is counted by service cycle and one service cycle is one natural month. If it is less than a month, then it is not counted as a service cycle. The business unit of statistics refers to API calling, divided into the generation business and the resolution business.

(2) Request exceptions: Refer to failed requests of generating short URL and resolving short URL. Such failures refer to when the uploaded parameters and network are normal, Short URL Service fails to return correct results, such as the generation failure, the resolution failure, etc. The exceptions shall exclude access exceptions during daily system maintenance, as well as request and resolution failures due to reasons of the user, the third party or the force majeure.

#### 2.3 Service Resource Allocation Capability

Short URL Service can deploy resources of JD Cloud & AI as per the application conditions to support normal running of service. The involved resources and services support expansion at any time, which can be rapidly expanded when the monitored usage amount exceeds the alarm threshold to guarantee normal running of service and normal access by the user.

#### 2.4 Fault Recovery Capability

Short URL Service provides 7*24h operating maintenance for the paying user, guaranteeing normal operation of service and having complete calling monitoring and fault monitoring. In case of fault, the fault can be rapidly positioned and recovered. Meanwhile, corresponding fault emergency response mechanism shall be provided as the guarantee.

#### 2.5 Network Access Performance

The response time for a single request of Short URL generation service is 50-100ms. As the first request involves creation of network resources, the response time is longer. Later, the response time for stable request will be maintained at about 50ms. The request bearing capacity of the cluster as a whole is above 10w qps. Optimization of generation algorithm guarantees generation efficiency. A single response time of the resolution service is 50-60ms, which is fast and stable. Requests above 8w+ qps are supported.

#### 2.6 Service Metering Accuracy

Short URL Service adopts the billing system of JD Cloud & AI’s API Gateway. JD Cloud & AI shall settle and deduct charges in real time according to the user’s actual usage. The specific billing standard shall be subject to the effective billing model and price announced on the JD Cloud & AI’s official website.

### 2.7 (Other Indicators)

**2.7.1 Success Rate of Data Access shall not be less than 99.9%**

The short URLs, generated by Short URL Service, shall be stored in the system. In one service cycle, the success rate of accessing effective short URLs shall not be less than 99.9%. One natural month shall be one service cycle. In case of less than one month, it shall not be counted as one service cycle as well.

Effective Short URL: the short URL generated in the validity period in the normal format.

Failed access: No correct original long URL is obtained via access to short URL.

Calculation of success rate: Succeeded access/(succeeded access + failed access).

**2.7.2 Destruction Nature of Data**

2.7.2.1 Where any user proactively requests to give up the generated short URL data or it needs to destroy such data when the Service Term expires, JD Cloud & AI shall clear the user data.

2.7.2.2 Before service and devices involved with cloud service are scrapped, discarded and outsourced for maintenance, JD Cloud & AI shall process the data related to Short URL Service for guaranteeing security compliance.

2.7.2.3 When any user account is in arrears for a certain period, JD Cloud & AI shall believe that the defaulting user has given up its short URL data and shall automatically clear the same.

2.7.3 Data privacy  JD Cloud & AI guarantees isolation between users. In addition to system administrators, other persons shall not be entitled to view user data and calling conditions.

### 3 Service Compensation Terms

#### 3.1 Compensation Scope

In the event of failure of normal use of Short URL Service purchased by users due to JD Cloud & AI’s device faults, design defects or misoperations, JD Cloud & AI will compensate for the unavailable time, excluding the service unavailable time caused by the following reasons:

(1) Caused by the system maintenance that JD Cloud & AI has notified the user in advance, including migration, maintenance, upgrade and simulated fault drill;

(2) Caused by the calling method, error/illegal calling or configuration adjustment other than JD Cloud & AI’s API;

(3) Caused by improper calling and service method of the user’s applications;

(4) Caused by loss or leakage of the user’s service verification password, passwords, etc. due to the user’s improper maintenance or improper confidentiality;

(5) Caused by system breakdown/failure due to the reason that the user deliberately makes use of system vulnerability or program vulnerability.

(6) Caused by illegal and violating contents uploaded by the user at the time of calling;

(7) Caused by the user’s negligence or wrong operation authorized by the user;

(8) Caused by force majeure and accidents;

(9) Other unavailability caused not due to JD Cloud & AI’s account.

#### 3.2 Compensation Scheme

• Fault time = Troubleshooting time - Fault start time.

• The user adopting Short URL Service shall be compensated with coupons as per fault time x calling amount during average unit time (the same period of last 3 days) x 100 x unit price of calling.

• The total compensation amount shall not exceed the total amount of current service charge already paid.

### 4 Miscellaneous

JD Cloud & AI has the right to from time to time make adjustments to partial service indicators of the Service Level Agreement according to changes and promptly release announcements on JD Cloud & AI’s official website [www.jdcloud.com](https://www.jdcloud.com) or send emails or written notices to inform users of the modified contents.