# FAQ

**Q1: What kind of system and version number does Endpoint Security support currently?**

A1: It supports full versions of JD Cloud public image, which the system will automatically load Endpoint Security protection function.

**Q2: Is Endpoint Security free?**

A2: Endpoint Security is provided by JD Cloud for the JD Cloud users freely and it needs not to be purchased separately.

**Q3: Does Endpoint Security need to be deployed and installed?**

A3: Endpoint Security agent is built in the JD Cloud public system image, Endpoint Security function can be loaded automatically by directly selecting public image; users of existing Virtual Machines need to download installation package form official website for separate deployment.

**Q4: Do the clients of Endpoint Security collect user information? What kind of data will the clients upload to the servers?**

A4: The client of Endpoint Security will not collect user information and it only uploads security warning logs generated by it to the servers.

**Q5: How about the data transmission method between the client and the server? Will it lead to data disclosure?**

A5: The client adopts SSL encryption transmission method to transmit the data to the server, the security of this kind of encryption protocol is very high and it won’t lead to data disclosure.

**Q6: How to identify the brute force? How do Windows and Linux prevent it?**

A6: The brute force to RDP and SSH is identified by log parsing while that to FTP and MySQL is identified by network packet parsing.

**Q7: How to prevent and block brute force? How long will be the blocking time for attacking IP by default?**

A7: For anti-brute force function, it implements IP blocking at the kernel layer based on network driver under Windows system while that under Linux system is implemented by maintaining IPtable. The protective policies for the two systems are the same, when the number of brute force exceeds 5 within 10 minutes; the IP will be blocked, the system default blocking time for both is 10 minutes.

**Q8: Why there is no warning reminder for long-distance login?**

A8: You need to configure preferred login location on the console interface.

**Q9: Which versions are supported by system vulnerability fix**

A9: System vulnerability fix only supports Windows system while it provides Linux system with vulnerability fix recommendation for manual fix.

**Q10: Does system vulnerability check rules will have great impact on the system performance?**

A10: The system vulnerability detection time is 0 - 5 o’clock in the morning for avoiding the peak business times. It only detects and updates once every day so that the normal business use will not be affected.