# Core Concepts
See the following for the concepts and their interpretations used in the JCS for Elasticsearch help documentation.

 
Cluster represents a cluster that has multiple nodes, among which one is the master node that can be generated by selection; master and slave nodes are related to internal of the cluster. One concept of JCS for Elasticsearch is decentration. It literally means there is no center node, which is related to external of the cluster, because from the view for JCS for Elasticsearch cluster outside, it is an entirety logically, i.e., communicate with any node is equivalent to that with the entire JCS for Elasticsearch cluster.

Shards represents index multipart. JCS for Elasticsearch can split an integrated index into several multiparts, with the benefit of splitting a large index into several parts distributing on different nodes. Compose Distributed Search. The number of multiparts can only be designated before creating indexes and cannot be changed after index creation.

Repicas represents index repicas. JCS for Elasticsearch can set multiple index repicas. The first function of replicas is to improve the fault tolerance of system. When a certain multipart of a certain node is damaged or lost, it can be recovered from the repicas. The second function of repicas is to improve the query efficiency of JCS for Elasticsearch. JCS for Elasticsearch will automatically perform load balancer for the search requests.

Recover represents data recovery or data re-distribution. JCS for Elasticsearch will re-assign index multiparts according to the load of the machines when there are nodes adding or exiting. It will also perform data recovery for failed nodes when they restart.

Gateway represents the storage mode of JCS for Elasticsearch index snapshot. JCS for Elasticsearch stores indexes in memory in default first, when the memory is full, it performs persistence for these indexes to local hard disks. Gateway performs storage for index snapshot, when the JCS for Elasticsearch cluster restart after shutdown, it will read index backup data from the gateway.

Discovery.zen represents node automatic discovery mechanism of JCS for Elasticsearch. JCS for Elasticsearch is the system based on p2p. It first finds the existing nodes through broadcast, then carries on the communication between nodes through multicast protocol, and it also supports the point-to-point interaction.

Transport
It represents the internal nodes of JCS for Elasticsearch or the interaction mode between the cluster and clients. It uses tcp protocol to perform interaction internally by default. Meanwhile, it supports http protocol (json format), thrift, servlet, memcached, zeroMQ and other transport protocols (implement integration through plug-in).


