## JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming Users Registration Agreement  
Version Update Date: September 26, 2019  
Version Effective Date: October 3, 2019  
If you register during the period of September 26, 2019 to October 2, 2019, the old version of the JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming Users Registration Agreement shall apply.  
 
 
I. Confirmation and Acceptance of Service Terms  
1. Proprietorship of and right to operate various electronic services of JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming Website (indicates jdcloud-elive.comjd.com and its mobile client software and application programs, hereinafter referred to as the "Website") are owned by "JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming". All services provided on the Website shall be strictly executed completely according to the service terms and operation rules released. Upon your confirmation of all service terms and completion of the registration procedure, the Agreement shall be established and have legal effect between you and the Website and you shall become an official user of the Website.  
2. According to the changes of national laws and regulations and requirements for operating the Website, JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming has the right to modify the terms of the Agreement and relevant rules from time to time. Once the modified content is published on the Website in any form, it shall become effective and replace the previous related content. You shall now and then pay attention to changes of the announcement and notification information of the Website, as well as agreements, rules and other relevant content. You are aware of and confirm that if you do not agree with the updated content, you shall stop using the Website immediately; if you continue to use the Website, you shall be deemed to be aware of the changes and agree to accept them.  
3. Please read the terms of the Agreement clearly marked in bold. If you click the **Agree** button, you will be deemed to have fully accepted the Agreement. Please confirm that you are aware of and fully understand all the contents of the Agreement before clicking.  
 
II. Notice  
1. The Website uses its own developed operating system, and provides users with services such as the purchase of commodities through the Internet. To use the Website, you must:  
•	 (1) Equip yourself with the required devices to surf the Internet, including personal mobile phone, flat computer, modulator-demodulator, router, etc.;  
•	 (2) Pay your telephone bill, network fee and others related to the service on your own.  
•	 (3) Choose the software version matching the installed terminal device, including but not limited to iOS, Android, Windows and other application versions released by JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming.  
2. Based on the importance of the networking services provided by the Website, you confirm and agree that:  
•	 (1) The registered data is authentic, accurate, complete, legal and effective. Any change to such registered data shall be updated in time;  
•	 (2) In the event of illegality, inauthenticity, inaccuracy and ambiguity of your registered data, the relevant responsibilities and consequences incurred thereby shall be borne by you and JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming reserves the right to terminating your right to use the services of the website.  
III. Order  
1. To place an order by using the Website, you shall possess the legal capacity and active ability to purchase relevant commodities. If you are under the age of 18, you need to register and use the Website under the supervision of your guardian. You shall be deemed to have met the above conditions when you place an order, and shall be responsible for the authenticity of all information you provide in the order.  
2. When placing an order, please carefully confirm the name, price, quantity, model, specification, size, contact address, telephone number, consignee and other information of the commodity you purchase. Where the consignee isn’t you, the act and expression of will of the consignee shall be deemed as yours, and you shall be jointly and severally liable for the legal consequences of the consignee's act and expression of will.  
3. You understand and agree that: Information such as commodity and price displayed by a seller on the Website is an invitation for offer only. When placing an order, you must fill in content such as the quantity and price of the commodity you want you purchase, and the payment method, consignee, contact information, receiving address (place of contract performance), method of contract performance, etc.; the order information generated by the system is the data automatically generated by the computer information system according to the content you fill in, and a contractual offer to sellers only; after the seller receives your order information, the contractual relationship between you and the seller shall be deemed to be established for the commodity actually delivered to you only when the seller actually directly delivers the commodity in your order from its warehouse (take the delivery of commodity from storage as a symbol); if you purchase multiple commodities in one order and the seller only send you a part of the commodities, and you has established a contractual relationship with the seller as to the commodities it delivered to you, the contractual relationship between you and the seller shall be established only if the seller has actually and directly sent you the other commodities order in your order; for digital commodities such as e-book, digital music and online mobile recharging, the contract shall be established after you place an order and pays the price. When you, as a consumer, need to place an order for living consumption and pay for the commodities, upon successful payment, the contractual relationship between you and the seller shall be deemed to be established for the order for which the payment has been made.  
4. Despite the greatest efforts exerted by the seller, due the influence of market changes and various factors that are difficult to be controlled with reasonable commercial efforts, the Website cannot avoid the circumstances such as stockout, price labeling error, etc. of commodities in the order information submitted by you. In the event of any of the above circumstances, you have the right to cancel the order and the seller has the right to cancel the order. If you have paid the order, we will issue refunds to you.  
IV. Dispatching and Delivery  
1. The commodities you purchase from the Website will be delivered to the delivery address specified by you on the Website. The delivery time listed in the order information is a time for reference. The calculation of the reference time is estimated based on the echelon inventory position, normal treating processes, delivery time and delivery address. You should clearly and accurately fill in your delivery address, contact person, contact information and other delivery information. You are aware of and confirm that, the commodities you purchase shall only be received by the contact person who you have filled in identified, and you shall be liable for any loss caused by changing your contact person or relevant delivery information.  
2. The Website shall not be liable for late delivery or non-delivery due to:  
•	 (1) The customer provides error information and incomplete address;  
•	 (2) There is no sign for or rejection to the commodity delivered, and cost as a result of repeated distribution and relevant consequences are caused thereby.  
•	 (3) Force majeure, such as natural hazard and severe weather, act, decision and command of government and judiciary authorities such as traffic martial law, accidental traffic accident, strike, modification of laws, regulations and policies, violent crimes such as terrorist incident, robbery and loot, sudden war, and others.  
3. Where the commodities you purchase on the Website are delivered by related parties or third-party delivery companies (including S.F. Express, YTO, etc., hereinafter referred to as the "Delivery Company") of JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming for you to complete the order-to-delivery, the delivery time is the receipt time recorded by the system or voucher; where the commodities you purchase are delivered by online transmission, the delivery time is the time that the seller sends to the system designated by you; where you purchase a service, the delivery time is the time electronically produced or specified in the voucher in kind.  
V. User Personal Information Protection and Authorization  
1. You are aware of and agree that, for your convenience in using relevant services on the Website, the Website will store some necessary information, including but not limited to your real name, gender, birthday, delivery address, contact information, address list, photo album, calendar, locating information, etc. Except for the circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations, JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming will not publish and disclose your personal information to any third party without your consent. JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming adopts professional encryption storage and transmission for relevant information, and takes reasonable measures to ensure the security of users' personal information.  
2. You are aware of and agree that, in the process of registering an account or using the Website, you shall be required to provide your real identity information, and JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming will identify the real identity information based on your mobile phone number according to the relevant requirements of national laws and regulations. Where the information you provide in unreal and incomplete, you will not be able to use the Website or be restricted in the process of using the Website. Meanwhile, any negative effect caused therefrom shall be borne by you.  
3. When you use a particular service of the Website, there may be a separate agreement or relevant business rules, etc. (hereinafter referred to as the "Separate Agreement") for that service. Please read and agree to the Separate Agreement" related before using the service. Once you use the specified service mentioned above, it shall be deemed as you have read and agreed to accept the Separate Agreement related.  
4. You fully understand and agree that:  
•	 (1) Receive order information, promotion activities and others sent to users and consignees who have registered or purchased on the Website by email, SMS, phone and other forms;  
•	 (2) In order to cooperate with administrative and competent authorities and judicial authorities to carry out work, JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming has the right to provide relevant information stored by you when using the Website to the above-mentioned administrative and judicial authorities within the pale of law, including but not limited to your registration information, etc., or use the relevant information to preserve evidence, including but not limited to notarization, witness, etc.;  
•	 (3) JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming shall legally protect your right to know and right to choose in the process of installing or using services. When you use the services of the Website, we will solicit you for your consent in advance for services involving the self-installed functions of your device. Once you confirm, JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming has the right to enable the miscellaneous functions necessary for services, including but not limited to collecting your geographic location, reading your address list, using your camera and enabling your recording and so on.  
•	 (4) JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming has the right to determine the maximum storage life of the data of an individual user in the Website and services and the storage life of user log, and assign the maximum data bucket on the server at its sole discretion within the pale of law according to the practical situation.  
VI. User’s Code of Conduct  
1. The Agreement is made in accordance with relevant national laws and regulations, and you agree to strictly abide by the following obligations:  
•	 (1) Shall not transmit or publish: incitement to resist or undermine the implementation of the constitution, laws and administrative rules and regulations; incitement to subvert the state political power and overthrow the socialist system; incitement to divide country and undermine national unity; incitement to ethnic hatred, ethnic discrimination or national unity;  
•	 (2) The transmission of information from mainland China to overseas countries must comply with the relevant laws and regulations of China;  
•	 (3) Shall not make use of the Website to engage in laundering money, stealing business secrets, stealing personal information and other illegal criminal activities;  
•	 (4) Shall not interfere with the normal operation of the Website, or invade the Website and national computer information system;  
•	 (5) Shall not transmit or publish any illegal and criminal, harassing, defamatory, abusive, threatening, hurtful, vulgar, obscene, uncivilized or other information;  
•	 (6) Shall not transmit or publish any information, material or comment that damages the national public interests or involve the state security;  
•	 (7) Shall not abet others to engage in the acts prohibited by this Article;  
•	 (8) Shall not make use of the accounts registered in the Website for profit-making business activities;  
•	 (9) Shall not release any content that infringes others' privacy, personal information, copyright, trademark and other intellectual property rights or legal rights;  
2. You shall bear legal liability for your comments and actions on the Internet. If you distribute and disseminate any information that is reactionary, pornographic or otherwise in violation of national laws on the Website, the system records on the Website may be used as evidence of your violation of laws.  
VII. Usage Specification of the Website  
1. With respect to the acquisition and update of mobile client software:  
•	 (1) You can directly obtain the mobile client software of JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming from JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming Website, or from the third party authorized by JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming. If you obtain the software or installation program with the same name as the mobile client software of JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming from a third party that is not authorized by JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming, JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming cannot guarantee the normal use of the software and shall not be responsible for the losses caused to you.  
•	 (2) In order to improve the user experience and service content, JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming will constantly strive to develop new services and provide you with updates to the software from time to time. After the new version is released, the old version of the software may not work anymore. JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming does not guarantee the availability of the old version of the software, and the relevant customer services. Please check and download the latest version at any time.  
2. Unless permitted by law or with the written consent of JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming, you shall not engage in the following acts when using the Website:  
•	 (1) Delete the information on copyright from the Website and its replicas;  
•	 (2) Do reverse engineering, reverse assembling, and reverse compiling to the Website, or otherwise attempt to discover the source code of the Website;  
•	 (3) Use, rent, lend, copy, modify, link, reprint, compile, announce, publish content of the intellectual property right owned by JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming and establish image sites, etc.;  
•	 (4) Copy, modify, add and delete the data released into the memory of any terminal during the operation of the Website, the interactive data between client and server during the operation of the Website, and the system data necessary for the operation of the website, and hook up or create any derivative works of the Website in the forms of, including but not limited to, using add-ins, plug-ins or third-party instruments/services access to the Website and related systems without the authorization of JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming;  
•	 (5) Add, abridge or alter the functions or operation effect of the Website by modifying or forging instructions and data in website operation, or operate or disseminate to the public the software or methods used for the above purposes, regardless of whether they are used for commercial business or not.  
•	 (6) Log in or use the Website or services or make, release, disseminate the above instruments through the third-party software, add-ins, plug-ins and systems developed and authorized by someone instead of JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming;  
•	 (7) Interfere with the Website and its components, modules and data by itself or others or third-party software authorized.  
VIII. Liability for Breach  
1. Where JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming finds or receives complaints from others about your violation of the Agreement or any malicious act, JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming has the right to delete or shield the related content at any time without any notification, penalties, including but not limited to warning, restriction or prohibition of the use of part of all of the functions, account block, cancellation and so on shall be taken to accounts in violation depending on the behaviors and circumstances, and the results of the handling shall be announced.  
2. JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming has the right to take appropriate legal actions against violations of relevant laws and regulations or provisions of the Agreement based on reasonable judgment, and keep and report relevant information to the departments concerned according to laws and regulations. You shall bear all legal liabilities arising therefrom on your own.  
3. You understand and agree that you shall be solely liable for any claim, demand or loss claimed by a third party due to your violation of the provisions of the Agreement or the relevant service terms, as well as the compensation for all losses caused to JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming therefrom.  
4. Unless otherwise expressly stated in writing, JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming will not make any express or implied representation or warranty regarding to the operation of the Website and the information, content, materials, products (including software) or services on the Website in any form (except as otherwise provided by the Law of the People's Republic of China).  
IX. Ownership and Intellectual Property Right  
1. Once you accept the Agreement, with regard to the information provided, uploaded, created and published by you on the Website in any form of text, comment, picture, photo, video, audio and others (including but not limited to customer evaluation, customer consolation, articles on various topics, etc.), all legal rights and interests related to the exclusive permission of use of the copyrights that have granted to JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming and its affiliated companies by you for free and are irrevocable and worldwide (including but not limited to right of reproduction, right of publishing, rental right, right of exhibition, right of performing, right of showing, right of broadcasting, the right of communication through information network, right of filming, right of adaption, right of translation, right of compilation and the other rights owned by a copyright owner for permission of use), right of portrait, user ID name, etc., JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming has the right to collect evidence and file a lawsuit against the third-party infringement in its own name due to it has the rights and interests of lawsuit qualification. You agree that JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming and its affiliated companies have the right to store, use, copy, revise, edit, release, display, translate, distribute, promote, publish, issue, disseminate the above information on the Internet of yours, and the right to adapt and create derivative works and incorporate such information into other works in any form, media and technology known or to be developed in the future.  
2. JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming has the right sub-license all rights of Article 9, Paragraph 1 to other third parties.  
3. You shall ensure that the information in Article 9, Paragraph 1 published on JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming Website does not involve any infringement of third-party portraits, privacy, intellectual property rights or other legitimate rights and interests. Otherwise, JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming has the right to adopt measures, including but not limited to deletion, breaking link, etc.  
4. The Agreement constitutes a written agreement for licensing and using copyrights such as property rights in a work as provided in Article 24 of the Copyright Law of the People's Republic of China (The serial number of the article is determined in accordance with the Copyright Law as amended in 2010) and relevant laws. It will take effect on any copyright law protected works published by you on the Website, regardless of whether such contents are formed before or after the conclusion of the Agreement.  
5. You agree and are fully aware of the terms of the Agreement and undertake not to distribute in any form the information published on the Website or to authorize any other body to use it in any way (including but not limited to using on various websites and media).  
6. Unless otherwise imperatively stipulated by law, without the express and special written consent of JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming, no unit or individual shall in any way illegally copy, reprint, quote, link, grab or otherwise use the information on the Website in whole or in part. Otherwise, JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming has the right to pursue its legal liabilities.  
7. The information published on the Website (such as text, charts, identifiers, button icons, images, sound file fragments, digital downloads, data edition and software) is the property of JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming and its content providers. All of them are protected by Chinese and International Copyright Laws. The compilation of all content on the Website is the exclusive property of JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming, which is protected by Chinese and International Copyright Laws. All software on the Website is the exclusive property of JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming and its affiliates or its software providers, which is protected by Chinese and International Copyright Laws.  
X. Application of Legal Jurisdiction and Others  
1. The conclusion, enforcement, interpretation and dispute resolution of the Agreement shall be governed by the laws of China. The Parties shall make friendly negotiation for any dispute concerning contents or performance of the Agreement; where such negotiation fails, the parties shall be entitled to file a lawsuit to the governing people’s court where the Agreement is signed. The Agreement is signed in Daxing District, Beijing City, the People's Republic of China.  
2. Where any provision hereof is deemed to be revocatory and void or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be deemed to be separable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any of the other provisions.  
3. Other rights not expressly authorized herein shall be held by JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming, and you shall a written consent from JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming when exercising these rights. If JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming does not exercise any of the aforementioned rights, it shall not constitute a waiver of such rights.  
 


