# Core Concepts
See the following for the concepts and their interpretations used in the SLL certificate Help Documentation.

- **JDCloud SSL Certificates**: Refer to JD Cloud SSL certificates, providing certificate upload, download, management and other functions, which may issue Symantec, GlobalSign and GeoTrust certificates, offering perfect HTTPS solutions for websites and mobile applications to enhance the credibility of the website, and effectively prevent hijacking, tampering, listening and other attacks, so that business security protection and good experience are on intimate terms with each other.
- **Domain type certificate (DV Certificate)**: The domain type certificate is a simple certificate for rapid issuance of website domain verification and for encryption of transmitted data; the domain type certificate will not verify identity of owner (individual or institution) of the certificate.
- **Enterprise type certificate (OV Certificate)**: The enterprise type certificate will make strict identification review for the applicant (an organization in general) and ensure the actual identification of the website domain, thus being safer and more creditable than the domain type certificate.
- **Enterprise type professional certificate (OVPro Certificate)**: The enterprise type certificate adopting the Elliptic Curve Cryptography (ECC) decreases key pair sizes while improving encryption robustness and optimizing performance of Web applications as for certificate switch.
- **Reinforcement type certificate (EV Certificate)**: The reinforcement type certificate observes the globally-unified and strict identification check standards and is the certificate of the highest security grade. A green enterprise identifier will be displayed for the website deployed with the reinforcement certificate.
- **Reinforcement type professional certificate (EVPro Certificate)**: The reinforcement type certificate adopting the Elliptic Curve Cryptography (ECC) decreases key pair sizes while improving encryption robustness and optimizing performance of Web applications as for certificate switch.
