## Privacy Agreement  

Version Update Date: September 26, 2019  
Version Effective Date: October 3, 2019  
Introduction  
JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming ("we") attaches great importance to the privacy of users and personal information protection. We may collect and use your relevant information when you use our products and/or services. Through JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming Privacy Policy ("the Privacy Policy"), we hope to explain to you how we collect, use, save, share and transfer such information when you use our products and/or services and methods provided by us for you to access, update, delete and protect such information.  
The Privacy Policy will help you understand the following content:  
I. How we will collect and use your personal information  
II. How we use Cookies and similar technologies  
III. How we share, transfer and disclose your personal information  
IV. How we protect and save your personal information  
V. How do you manage your personal information  
VI. Protection of personal information of minors  
VII. Notification and revision  
VIII. Contact us  
The Privacy Policy is closely related to the JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming service you use and the various business functions included in the services (hereinafter referred to as "our products and/or services"), so we hope that you have carefully read and confirm that you have fully understood the contents written in the Privacy Policy before using our products and/or services, and you can make any choice you think fit according to guidance of the Privacy Policy. For relevant terms in the Privacy Policy, we try to express them concisely and provide links to further instructions so that you can better understand. Where you use or continue to use our products and/or services after we update the Privacy Policy (we will timely keep you updated), it means you agree to the Privacy Policy (including the updated version) and agree that we collect, use, save and share your relevant information in accordance with the Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about the Privacy Policy or related issues, you may contact us at any time by accessing https://help.jd.com online customer service system, sending an email to privacy@jd.com or calling our customer service hotline.  
Contents  
•	I. How we will collect and use your personal information  
•	II. How we use Cookies and similar technologies  
•	III. How we share, transfer and disclose your personal information  
•	IV. How we protect and save your personal information  
•	V. How do you manage your personal information  
•	VI. Protection of personal information of minors  
•	VII. Notification and revision  
•	VIII. Contact us  
I. How we will collect and use your personal information  
Personal information refers to information that can identify the identity of a specific natural person or reflect the activity of a specific natural person individually or in combination of other information, in electronic or other forms. The personal information involved in the Privacy Policy includes: basic information (including individual name, date of birth, gender, address, personal phone number and email); personal identity information (including identity card, military identification, passport, driving license, etc.); facial features; network identification information (including system account, IP address, email address as well as password and password protection answer related to the foregoing); personal property information (including transactions and purchases record and other virtual property information such as balance, JD beans, coupons, JD E cards and game exchange codes); address list; personal Internet records (including web-browser history, software use records and click records); personal common device information (including hardware model, device MAC address, type of operating system, UDID in software list (such as information of basic conditions of personal common device, including IMEI/Android ID/IDFA/OPENUDID/GUID, SIM card IMSI information); personal location information (including travel information, precise localization information, accommodation information, longitude and latitude, etc.);  
Personal sensitive information refers to personal information that may endanger personal and property security, and easily lead to damage to personal reputation, physical and mental health or discriminatory treatment once being disclosed, illegally provided or abused; the personal sensitive information involved in the Privacy Policy includes: your property information (including transaction records and other virtual property information such as JD balances, JD beans, coupons and JD E cards); facial features; personal identity information (including identity card, military identification, passport, driving license and household register); network identification information (including account, email address and password combination related to the foregoing); other information (including address list, travel information, web-browser history, accommodation information and precise positioning information).  
We will collect and use your personal information only for the following purposes:  
(I) Circumstances where you are required to authorize us to collect and use your personal information  
Our products and/or services has contained some core functions that consist of functions required for online shopping and functions required to guarantee transaction security. We may collect, save and use the following information related to you before realizing such functions. If you refuse to provide relevant information, you will be unable to enjoy the products and/or services provided by us. These functions include:  
1. Functions required for online shopping  
(1) User registration  
You shall first register a JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming account to become a JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming user. When registering, you shall at least provide us with the proposed JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming account name, password, your personal mobile phone number, email address (used to verify your email), and we will send a SMS verification code or an email to check the validity of your identity. Your account name will be your default nickname. You may modify and supplement relevant information such as nickname, gender, date of birth, hobbies and interests, as well as your real-name verification, which are attributable to your "account information". Your supplementary account information will help us provide you with personalized commodity recommendations and better shopping experience. However, if you do not provide such supplementary information, the basic functions of your online shopping will not be affected.  
(2) Commodity information display and search  
In order that you can quickly find the commodity you need, we may collect information about the device by virtue of which you use our products and/or services, including device name, device model, device identifier, operating system and application program version, language setting, resolution, service provider network ID (PLMN) and type of browser, to provide you with the best way to show commodity information. We will also use your above personal information to constantly improve and optimize the aforesaid functions.  
You can also precisely find a commodity or service you need by searching. We will retain your search content for the convenience of your repeated input or to show commodities associated with your search content. Please note that your keyword search information that cannot be separately used to identify your identity is not your personal information, and we are entitled to use it for any purpose; when your keyword search information can be used to identify your identity in combination with other information, we will regard your keyword search information as your personal information during the combined use, and process and protect such information together with your search history in accordance with the Privacy Policy.
In order to show you your interested commodity or service information or commodities that you may expect to find when you are searching, we may collect your order information, browser information, your hobbies and interests (you can select them in the account setting) for data analysis to establish the user profiling. We may also obtain your other information reasonably necessary for providing services and improving service quality, including relevant information provided by you when contacting our customer service, replies to questionnaires sent to us when you take the questionnaire survey, and relevant information obtained by us when you interact with our affiliated party or our partner. We may associate the information collected from your devices so that we can provide consistent services for you on these devices. We may combine information from a certain service with that from other services so as to provide you with services, personalized contents and suggestions. If you don't desire to be affected by personalized contents, you can select to browse and search for commodities and services by category on the commodity display page; we will also provide you with options based on price, sales order and others not specific for personal features in the search results; we will not provide your relevant personal information for any third party without your express consent.  
(3) Ordering  
When you are ready to settle the commodities in your shopping cart, JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming system will generate the order of commodities you are purchasing. You shall at least fill in your consignee's name, consignee's address and mobile phone number in the order which will specify the order number, information about the commodity or service you purchase, payable payment for goods and payment methods; you can additionally fill in the consignee's fixed-line telephone, email address and more contact information to ensure the accurate delivery of the commodity, and your order generation will not be affected without such information.  
When you book an air ticket, railway ticket, hotel, group travel, or purchase a SIM card or contract phone, or install a broadband network on JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming, you may also need to provide your real-name information in accordance with the national laws and regulations or the requirements of service providers, including ticket seller, hotel, travel agency and their authorized agents, telecommunications operators and mobile resellers, and such real-name information may include your identity information (e.g. your identity card, military identification, passport, driving license and other certificate copies or numbers specifying your identity), your individual photo or video, name, phone number, etc. Such order may contain information about your travel, hotel address, and service or device installation address designated by you (maybe your home address).  
All above information constitute your "order information". We will use your order information for your identity verification, transaction confirmation, payment and settlement, distribution, order inquiry and provision of customer service consulting and after-sales service; we will also use your order information to judge whether there is any exception in your transactions to guarantee your transaction security.  
(4) Payment function  
After ordering, you can choose the payment service provided by an affiliated party of JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming or a third-party payment agency cooperating with JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming (including JD Pay, WeChat Pay, UnionPay, NetsUnion and other payment channels, hereinafter referred to as "payment agency"). The payment function itself will not collect your personal information, but we need to share information about your JD order number and transaction amount with these payment agencies to allow them to confirm your payment command and complete the payment. "Affiliated party" refers to any party that, at present or in the future, controls, is controlled by or under the common control with any company, organization and legal representative of the said company or organization. "Control" refers to direct or indirect ability to influence the management of the company mentioned, whether through ownership, shares with voting rights, contracts or other ways recognized by the people's court.  
(5) Products and/or services delivery function  
After you place an order and select cash on delivery or online payment, an affiliated party of JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming or a third-party distribution company cooperating with JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming (including SF Express and YTO Express, hereinafter referred to as "distribution company") will perform the order delivery. You acknowledge and agree that an affiliated party of JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming or a third-party distribution company cooperating with JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming will use your order information in the above step to guarantee commodities ordered by you can be delivered properly.  
Our distributors will assist you in completing the real-name verification like when you purchase a SIM card service based on the real-name verification needs required by some business laws while providing the distribution service. In this step, we will use your identity card to verify your identity through a proprietary device recognized by a national certification authority. We will not collect your identity card information, and our distributors are required to abide by the confidential system of our company.  
(6) Customer service and after-sales functions  
Our telephone customer service and after-sales functions will use your account information and order information.  
To guarantee your account security, our customer service staff and online customer service staff in the call center will use your account information to verify your identity with you. When you require us to provide customer service and after-sales service related to your order information, we will query your order information. You may provide and give other information other than the above information when communicating with our customer service staff, like when you require us to change the distribution address, contact or contact number.  
2. Functions required for guaranteeing transaction security  
To increase the system security when you are using our products and/or services, more accurately prevent phishing scams and protect account security, we may assess your account risk by means such as understanding your browse information, order information, your frequently used software information, device information, and may record some links ("URL") we consider there is a risk; we will also collect your device information for the purpose of analyzing problems of JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming, traffic statistics and investigating potential risks when you send us the exception information.  
(II) Circumstances where you may provide your personal information at your own discretion  
1. In order for your more convenient and more enjoyable shopping thus to improve your online shopping experience through JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming, we may collect and use your personal information in the following extended functions. You may still do the online shopping without providing such personal information, but you may be unable to use these extended functions that can bring you shopping enjoyment or you need to repeatedly fill in some information when purchasing some commodities. These extended functions include:  
(1) Personalized recommendation function based on location information: We will collect your location information (we will only collect your geographical location information at that time but will not combine your location information at each time interval to determine your tracks) to determine your location so as to recommend the commodity or service that you can purchase in your region. For example, recommending your nearest selectable hotels.  
(2) Extended function based on camera: You can use this extended function to implement functions such as video shooting, photographing, scanning and login through face recognition. When you use face recognition for login, we will collect your facial information. In the future, we may apply the face recognition technology to more scenarios, but at that time, we will confirm with you again whether you are willing to allow us to use your facial information to account these extended functions.  
(3) Extended function based on image upload: You can implement functions such as Snap Shop, unboxing, evaluation and FAQ by uploading your photo to JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming, and we will use the uploaded photo or video to identify the commodity you need to purchase or use the unboxing, evaluation and FAQ contents containing the uploaded photo or video.  
(4) Extended function based on voice technology: you can directly use a microphone to do voice shopping or consult and interact with our customer service robot. We will collect your recordings to identify your shopping needs as well as customer service and after-sales demands in such function.  
(5) Extended function based on address list information: We will collect your address list information so that you may no longer manually enter the contact information in your address list when you are shopping (for example, you can directly recharge the phone number in your address list); to increase your social enjoyment when you are shopping, with your consent, we can also establish communication in JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming between you and your friends who are determined by us to be users of JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming.  
2. The above extended function may require you to enable the access permissions of your geographic location (location information), camera, photo album (photo gallery), microphone and address list in your device thus to collect and use the information related to such function. You can view by item the enabling status of your above permissions, and decide to enable or disable these permissions at any time (we will guide you to complete the settings in your device system). Please note that enabling these permissions indicates that you have authorized us to collect and use this personal information to implement the above functions, and disabling these permissions indicates that you have canceled these authorizations, in which case, we will not continue collecting and using your personal information and cannot provide you with such functions related to these authorizations. Your decision on disabling the permissions will not affect the personal information processing based on your previous authorizations.  
(III) You fully acknowledge that we may collect and use your personal information without your authorization under the following circumstances:  
1. The information is related to national security or national defense security;  
2. The information is related to public security, public hygiene or material public interests;  
3. The information is related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgment;  
4. It is difficult to obtain the consent of the person for the purpose to protect the legal rights of the subject of personal information or other individuals, such as life and property;  
5. The personal information we collect is information made available to the public by the subject of the personal information or the guardian;  
6. Your personal information is collected from any legally disclosed information, such as legitimate news reports and government information disclosure;  
7. The information is necessary for the execution of the contract according to your requirements;  
8. The information is necessary for maintaining safe and stable running of the provided products and/or services, for example, discover or dispose of faults of products and/or services;  
9. The information is necessary for legal news report;  
10. De-identification is performed for personal information contained in the results of academic researches or descriptions provided to the public by institutions for academic research that carry out statics or academic researches based on public interests;  
11. Other circumstances stated by the laws and regulations.  
(IV) Circumstances where we can obtain your personal information from a third party  
We may obtain your authorized shared account information (avatar, nickname) from a third party, and bind your third-party account with your JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming account after you agree the Privacy Policy, so that you may directly log in and use our products and/or services through the third-party account. We will use your personal information subject to compliance with relevant laws and regulations after confirming the legality of the source of personal information based on the agreement with the third party.  
(V) Rules for using your personal information  
1. We will use the personal information we collect in accordance with the agreements in the Privacy Policy and to implement functions of our products and/or services.  
2. After collecting your personal information, we will de-identify the data by technical means, and the subject of information that has been de-identified will not be able to be identified. You understand and agree that, in this case, we are entitled to use information that has been de-identified; and we are entitled to analyze and commercially use the user database without revealing your personal information.  
3. Please note that you continuously authorize us to use all personal information you provide when using our products and/or services during the same period unless you delete or refuse us to collect such personal information through system settings. When you cancel the account, we will stop using and delete your personal information. For details, please refer to the attachment hereto Instructions for Cancellation of JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming Account.  
4. We will collect the statistics of usage of our products and/or services, and may share these statistics with the public or a third party to show the overall use trend of our products and/or services. But these statics will not include any of your identity information.  
5. When we display your personal information, we will mask your information by means including replacement of content and anonymization to protect your information security.  
6. When we need to use your personal information for other purposes that are not stated in the Privacy Policy or use information collected based on specific purposes for other purposes, we will obtain your prior consent with your initiative selection.  
II. How we use Cookies and similar technologies  
(I) Use of cookies  
1. In order to satisfy your personalized needs for online experience and allow you to obtain easier access experience, we will send one or more data files named cookies to your computer or mobile device. The cookies sent to you are unique and can only be read by the web server which sends you the cookies. We aims at simplifying your repeated login, storing data of your shopping preference or commodities in your shopping cart by sending you cookies, thus to provide you with shopping preference settings, help you optimize the selection of and interaction with advertising and determine your login status and account or data security.  
2. We will not use cookies for any purpose other than those described in the Privacy Policy. You may manage or delete cookies according to your preference. You can clear all cookies saved in your computer. Most network browsers will automatically accept cookies, but you generally can modify the browser settings according to your own needs to refuse cookies; in addition, you can also remove all cookies saved in software. However, if you do so, you may have to change the user settings in person every time when you access to the JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming website, and the information recorded by you previously will be deleted and the security of the service used by you may have some impacts.  
(II) Use of web beacon and similar technologies  
Besides cookies, we will use web beacon and other similar technologies on the website. Generally, our web pages will include some electronic images (referred to as "single-pixel" GIF file or "web beacon"). We will use web beacon by the following ways:  
1. Use web beacon on JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming website to calculate user page views and access cookies to identify registered users of JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming.  
2. Use the obtained cookies information to provide you with personalized services.  
III. How we share, transfer and disclose your personal information  
(I) Sharing  
1. We will not share your personal information with any company, organization or individual other than JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming, except in the following circumstances:  
(1) Your express consent or authorization is obtained in advance;  
(2) In accordance with applicable laws and regulations, requirements of legal procedures, mandatory administrative or judicial requirements, provision is necessary under such circumstance;  
(3) To the extent permitted by laws and regulations, it is necessary to provide to protect the interests, property or safety of JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming, its affiliated parties or partners, you or other users of JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming or the public from damage;  
(4) Only by sharing your personal information can we implement the core functions of our products and/or services or provide the services you need;  
(5) Information is provided for handling disputes or controversies between you and others at your request;  
(6) Information is provided in accordance with relevant agreements (including electronic agreements signed online and corresponding platform rules) signed with you or other legal documents;  
(7) Information is used for academic researches;  
(8) Information is used for the public interest in accordance with laws and regulations.  
2. We may share your personal information with our affiliated parties. However, we will only share necessary personal information and are bound by the purposes stated in the Privacy Policy. If our affiliated parties want to change the purpose of processing personal information, we will seek your authorization and consent again.  
3. We may share your order information, account information, device information and location information with our partners and other third parties to guarantee the smooth provision of services to you. However, we will only share your personal information for lawful, legitimate, necessary, specific and explicit purposes, and will only share the personal information necessary to provide services. Our partners have no right to use the shared personal information for any other purpose. Our partners include the following types:  
(1) Commodity or technology service provider. We may share your personal information with a third party that supports our functions. These supports include supply us with goods or provide infrastructure technology service, logistics distribution service, payment service and data processing. We share such information for the purpose of implementing the core shopping functions of our products and/or services. For example, we must share your order information with a logistics service provider in order to arrange the distribution; or we need to share your order number and order amount with a third-party payment agency in order to allow it to confirm your payment command and complete the payment.  
(2) Third-party merchant. We must share your order information and necessary information related to transaction with a third-party merchant so that you can purchase a commodity or service from it and can allow it to complete the subsequent after-sales service.  
(3) Partners entrusting us with promotion. We will from time to time on behalf of other enterprises provide user groups using our products and/or services with promotion services. We may share the indirect user profiling established by your personal information and your non-personal information with partners that entrust us with promotion ("entrusting party"), but we will only provide these entrusting parties with promotional coverage and valid information and will not provide your personal identity information, or we will summarize such information so that it cannot identify you. For example, we can tell this entrusting party about how many people have seen their promotion information or purchased their commodities after seeing this information, or provide them with statics that cannot identify individual identity to help them understand their audiences or customers.  
4. We will sign strict confidentiality agreements with companies, organizations and individuals with whom we share personal information, requiring them to process personal information in accordance with our instructions, the Privacy Policy and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures. In order to ensure the security and control of data in the third party, we launched the JD YunDing services, which provide a safe and reliable data use and storage environment in the Cloud to ensure the security of user data. In the use of personal sensitive data, we will require third parties to adopt data desensitization and encryption technologies to better protect user data.  
5. Information will be exchanged with other companies and organizations in order to comply with laws, perform or apply to our terms of use and other agreements or protect the rights, property or security of JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming, you or other customers of JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming, for example, preventing fraud and other illegal activities and reducing credit risk. However, this does not include personal information sold, rented, shared or otherwise disclosed for the purpose of profit in violation of the commitments made in the Privacy Policy.  
(II) Transfer  
5.1.1 We will not transfer your personal information with any company, organization or individual, except in the following circumstances:  
1. Your express consent or authorization is obtained in advance;  
2. In accordance with applicable laws and regulations, requirements of legal procedures, mandatory administrative or judicial requirements, provision is necessary under such circumstance;  
3. Information is provided in accordance with relevant agreements (including electronic agreements signed online and corresponding platform rules) signed with you or other legal documents;  
4. In connection with a merger, acquisition, transfer of assets or similar transactions, if the transfer of personal information is involved, we will require new companies and organizations holding your personal information to be bound to the Privacy Policy continuously, otherwise, we will ask such companies and organizations to seek your authorization and consent again.  
(III) Public disclosure  
We will only publicly disclose your personal information under the following circumstances, under the premise of taking the safety protection measures in line with industry standards, including:  
1. The personal information designated by you is disclosed in the manner expressly agreed by you at your request;  
2. In accordance with requirements of laws and regulations, mandatory administrative or judicial requirements, if it is necessary to provide under such circumstance, we may publicly disclose your personal information according to the type of personal information and the manner of disclosure as required. Under the premise of compliance with laws and regulations, when we receive the above information disclosure request, we will require a corresponding legal document to be issued, such as summon or survey letter. We firmly believe that any information required to be provided by us shall be maintain transparency to the maximum extent permitted by law. We will prudently review all requests to ensure they have legal basis and are limited to such data with legal rights as obtained by the law-enforcing department for specific investigation purposes. On the condition that it is permitted by laws and regulations, such files as disclosed us shall be protected by encryption key pairs.  
IV. How we protect and save your personal information  
(I) Technologies and measures provided by us to protect your personal information  
We take the security of your personal information very seriously and take every reasonable and practical measure to protect your personal information:  
1. Technical measures for data security  
We will take security protection measures in compliance with industry standards, including establishing reasonable systems, specifications and security technologies to prevent unauthorized access, use, and modification of your personal information to avoid data corruption or loss.  
JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming's network services have used transport layer security (TSL) and other encryption techniques, and provide browse services via https to ensure the security of user data in the process of transmission.  
Users’ personal information is stored in encrypted form by JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming with encryption techniques and isolated with isolation techniques.  
When your personal information is used, for example, for presentation and association with computing, we will use multiple data masking technologies including replacement of content and SHA256 to enhance the security of personal information in use.  
JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming uses strict data access control and multi-factor authentication techniques to protect personal information and prevent data from being illegally used.  
JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming uses code security automatic inspection and data access log analysis techniques to safely audit personal information.  
2. Other security measures taken by JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming to protect personal information  
JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming manages and normalizes the storage and use of personal information by establishing a data classification and grading system, specifications for data security management and specifications for data security development.  
JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming provides comprehensive security control of data through information confidentiality protocols, monitoring and auditing mechanisms.  
JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming sets up the Data Security Committee composed of the full-time information protection department and the data security incident response organization to facilitate and guarantee the security of personal information.  
Security Verification and Service The underlayer cloud technology used by us to store your personal information have obtained the Level III "Trusted Cloud" Certification issued by the Data Center Alliance and the Level III Certification of Information System Security Protection issued by the Ministry of Public Security, in addition to ISO27000 certification.  
Strengthen the security awareness. We will also organize training courses of security and privacy protection to strengthen the understanding of personnel of the importance to protect personal information.  
3. We only permit the employees and partners of JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming and its affiliates who need to know such information to access your personal information and set strict access control and monitoring mechanism for this purpose. We also request all people who may contact your personal information to perform related obligations of confidentiality. Where such people fail to perform these obligations, they may be investigated and affixed legal liability or terminated their cooperative relationship with JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming.  
4. We will take all reasonable and practical measures to ensure that we will not collect any irrelevant personal information. We will only retain your personal information for the necessary period of time to achieve the purposes described in the Privacy Policy except as required to extend the retention period or required by law.  
5. We also do some creative work in the protection of user data  
We use the unique "smiling waybill" in the distribution system of JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming to prevent sensitive user information from disclosing in the District step, and reinforce the training and requirements of data security for JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming logistics employees to improve their awareness of protecting sensitive user information.  
6. The Internet is not a completely secure environment and the communication modes with other users such as email, instant messaging and social software cannot be assured to be completely encrypted. We recommend that you set a secure and complex password when using these tools and be careful of protecting your personal information.  
7. The Internet environment is not 100% secure, and we will try our best to ensure or guarantee the security of any information sent by you to us. In the event that your legal interests are impaired by reason of unauthorized access, public disclosure, tampering or damage of your information incurred by destruction of our physical, technical or management protection facilities, we will undertake the relevant legal liability.  
8. Security incidents  
When conducting an online commodity or service transaction with a third party via JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming website, you will inevitably disclose your personal information to the counterparty or the potential counterparty, such as contact information or mailing address. You shall properly protect your personal information and only offer to others where necessary.  
To deal with potential risks of disclosure, damage or loss of personal information, JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming works out several systems to specify the classification and grading standards and corresponding handling process of security incidents and security vulnerabilities. JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming also sets up a special incident response team to handle security incidents. This team shall, in accordance with the requirement of security incident handling specifications, launch security plans for various security incidents to stop losses and analyze, determine and prepare remedial measures and track down the origin and fight against the incident by cooperating with relevant departments.  
In the event of any security incident of personal information unfortunately, in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations, we will immediately inform you of the basic information and potential impact of such security incident, the handling measures that we have or will take, the recommendations that you may adopt to prevent and reduce the risk and the remedial measures for you. We will also immediately inform you of relevant circumstances of such incident by means of email, letter, phone and pushing notification. In the event that it is difficult to singly inform the subject of personal information, we will make an announcement by reasonable and effective means. At the same time, we will report the handling of security incidents of personal information on our own initiative pursuant to the requirement of the regulatory department.  
9. If you have any questions about our personal information protection, please contact us via the contact information provided in the Privacy Policy. If you find that your personal information has been given away, especially if your account or password has been given away, please contact us immediately through the contact information provided in the Privacy Policy [VIII. Contact us] so that we can take appropriate action.  
(II) Preservation of your personal information  
1. Your personal information will be stored within the territory of the People's Republic of China. In the event that you use the cross-border transaction service and need to transmit your personal information overseas to complete such transaction, we will separately obtain your authorized consent and request receivers to process such personal information in accordance with our instructions, the Privacy Policy and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures.  
2. Please note that after you apply for cancelling your JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming account, we will review and approve your application for account cancellation within 48 hours upon your application. Upon such review and approval, we will delete or anonymize your personal information.  
3. If we terminate services or operations, we will inform you at least thirty days in advance and delete or anonymize your personal information after the termination of services or operations.  
V. How do you manage your personal information  
JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming takes your concern about your personal information very seriously and makes every effort to protect your rights of access, correction, deletion and withdrawal of consent to your personal information so that you can have full capability to protect your privacy and security. Your rights include:  
1. Access and correct your personal information  
Unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations, you have the right to access and correct your personal information at any time, including:  
(1) Your account information  
(2) Your receipt information  
(3) Your order information  
(4) Your browse information  
(5) Your comments  
(6) Your invoice information  
(7) Your archives information  
(8) If you have other personal information that requires access or correction during your use of our products and/or services, please contact us at any time. We will response to your request according to the ways and periods stated in the Privacy Policy.  
(9) Personal information you cannot access and correct: except for the above-mentioned information, we cannot provide you with access and correction services for your partial personal information, including your device information which is collected to improve your user experience and guarantee transaction security, personal information which is generated when you use extended functions. We will use the aforesaid information within the scope of your authorization and you are unable to access and correction such information, but you can contact us to delete or anonymize such information.  
2. Delete your personal information  
You can directly clear or delete such information as order information, browse information and receipt information on our products and/or services page;  
Under the following circumstances, you can request us to delete your personal information:  
(1) Where our handling of such personal information violates laws and regulations;  
(2) Where we collect and use your personal information without your consent;  
(3) Where our handling of your personal information violates such agreements as reached with you.  
(4) Where we terminate the service and operation.  
Where we decide to respond to your deletion request, we will inform the entities that obtain your personal information from us at the same time, and ask them to delete it promptly, unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations or these entities are independently authorized by you. Where we respond to your deletion request, we cannot guarantee that the corresponding information will be immediately deleted from the back-up system, but we will delete it at the time of updating the back-up system.  
3. Change scope of authorized consent or withdraw your authorization  
You can change such scope of which you authorize us to continue to collect your personal information or withdraw your authorization by methods of deleting information, disabling device function and setting privacy settings on JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming website or software. You can also withdraw all authorization by which we continue to collect your personal information by canceling the account.  
You shall understand that since the completion of each business function requires some basic personal information, after you withdraw such consent or authorization, we will be unable to continue providing you with such services in regard to such withdrawal of consent and authorization and we will no longer handle the related personal information. However, your decision on withdrawing consent or authorization will not affect the personal information handling implemented based on your authorization.  
4. Cancel Account  
You can directly applying for canceling your account in our products. For details of account cancellation method and requirements, please refer to the Instructions for the Cancellation of JD Account of the Privacy Policy Attachment. After you cancel your account, we will stop providing product and/or service to you, and delete your personal information as required by you, unless otherwise specified by laws and regulations.  
5 If you do not want to receive our promotion information, you may cancel it at any time by the following means:  
(1) You can cancel the promotion information subscription via email in the email subscription menu of PC account setting page.  
(2) You can cancel the mobile promotion SMS sent to you according to the notification of the promotion SMS.  
(3) You can set whether to accept the commodity and promotion information we push to you by "notification".  
(4) We will cooperate with the third-party platform or media ("platform") so as to recommend personalized commodities to you based on your personal information. Such personal information includes purchase in the website, access to the affiliated company's website and your hobbies and interests filled in your account settings. The platform only provides us with a window to display commodities and the window links to such display information of personalized commodities in JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming site as managed by JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming, so we will not provide any of your personal information for any advertiser. Besides, we have set the block function in the recommendation window. You can block ads you don’t like. If you are unwilling to accept JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming to recommend services in a single platform, please contact the platform to disable it. You acknowledge and understand that the platform is an independent economic entity and JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming is unable to manage it.  
(5) To protect your privacy, we will not push promotion or commodity information related to religious faith, sex and relevant sensitive materials to you by any way and means.  
6. Response to Your Request  
If you are not able to access, correct or delete your personal information by the above methods, or if you need to access, correct or delete other personal information generated when you use our products and/or services, or if you think JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming has any violation of laws and regulations or agreements on the collection or use of your personal information, you can contact us by sending email to privacy@jd.com or other means in the Privacy Policy. For security, we may require you to provide a written request or your identity document, and we will respond to your request within 15 days after receiving your feedback and verifying your identity. For your reasonable request, we will, basically, not collect any charge. But for your multiple, repeated or unreasonable request, we will, depending on the actual circumstances, collect some charges. We may reject those requests that are repetitive without any reason, require excessive technological means (for example, request requiring development of a new system or fundamentally changing existing practices), pose risks to others’ legitimate interests, or are extremely impracticable (for example, request involving information stored on the backup tape).  
Under the following circumstances, according to laws and regulations, we will not respond to your request:  
(1) Relating to national security or national defense security;  
(2) Relating to public security, public hygiene or vital public interests;  
(3) Relating to criminal investigation, prosecution, judgment and others;  
(4) If there is sufficient evidence proving that you have subjective malice and abuse of rights;  
(5) If the legitimate interests of yours or other individuals or organizations will suffer from severe damage when we respond to your request.  
VI. Protection of personal information of minors  
1. JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming attaches great importance to the protection of the personal information of minors. If you are a minor below the age of 18, you shall obtain the prior consent from your guardian before using our products and/or services. JD Cloud E-Commerce Live Streaming will protect personal information of minors in compliance with applicable laws and regulations of the state.  
2. We do not collect personal information directly from minors. Where any personal information of minors are collected with the consent of their guardians, we will only use, share, transfer or disclose such information to the public to the extent permitted by law, with the consent of their guardians, or as required by protection of minors.  
3. Where there is any evidence proving that a minor has registered to use our products and/or services without the consent of his/her guardian, we will consult with the relevant guardian and try to delete the relevant personal information as soon as possible.  
4. For personal information of children under the age of 14 that may be involved, the following measures will be further taken by us for protection:  
(1) Except for observing on the agreements of users’ personal information of the Privacy Policy, we will also adhere to the principles of rational necessity, informed consent, safety guarantee and legal use, and strictly abide by the requirements of laws and regulations of the Provisions on the Cyber Protection of Children's Personal Information to store, use and disclose children’s personal information collected, and will not exceed the time limit to achieve the collection and use purpose. Upon the expiration, we will delete or anonymize children’s personal information. We will appoint a specially-assigned person to take charge of the protection of children's personal information, and set up a special email of childprivacy@jd.com for children's personal information protection. We
